The sense of self is aware only of the end results of thought processes that are accuring not the act of process that is happening beneath. This lets thoughts become a passive phase more than a suggestive one and depending on emotion states heightened or lowered is where the imagery of your imagination can be altered and made more vivid and clear.

These acts will bring forth a chance of creativity that seldom comes by force and emotion plays such an important role in realizing an illusionary dream that I would say it to be the most important by far.

Another thing this emotional gymnastics can preform is increasing the sense of accomplishment building up to something that should satify and will surely motivate you more to make these dreams a reality.

Creation in its basic forms is an alchemy of projection taking something tangable like stones spices and gems to create a paint that lines up within a spectrum of colors then from there creating the form of a tree or snake or anything seemingly unrelated to the substance it once was tricking the sense of sight by projecting a false reality within the onlookers view in return these things made manifest are untangable it would seem tho.

It is the illusionary art of illuminating light upon ones work that tricks that sense the most I would have to say giving not just a visual depiction of matter but casting the sun on this matter truely setting itself onto this plain the same as you and I.

The primary shapes square circle and triangle have always seemed to stand out to men as a testament of the simplicity of our waking world and we use them to guide our quest for reasoning why things are the way they are.

They themselves can be used in an infinite manner it would seem and layed out accordingly can pull into shape at all degrees of angle giving the illusion of form but remaining formless from the reality even when put to the most sophisticated extremes.

This has had many names over the years most notably the tetragrammaton and has been tested studied and used by the ancients and modern man alike to create and construct architecture engrain stone and wood or map out to display a set of building instructions for places of worship or business.

Giving more complex arrangements to these primary shapes yeilds us the symbol which by all accounts is just a more complex shape but by relating the aspects our sense of self or something in the world around us upon them we alter something meaningless and create meaning for ourselves found in it.

We have only these two factors meaningless and meaningful to thank for helping the construction of such brillant works over time and finding purpose and emotion within our conciousness is really the tools used to manifest a mental projection most effectively.

Timing these events can be diffucult you never know when and where it can hit you and forcing an emotion can lead to negative results or none at all so how can we naturally feel a sense of purpose within our projections.

We have to find sight of the emotion of sorrow within self sacrifice to altar our feelings this being the breeding grounds for courage. We find courage in self sacrifice because of its adversity and the relatablity of our own mortality it shows us which paves the way to bravery and pride in ones self.

Being brave and having courage to give up ones life for the sake of others has always been a main stage in the epics and is a sure fire way to ignite an emotional response whenever it is felt. It is to respect and be proud of something elses cause because its cause was you and because of that we must depict this the best and most creative way imaginable without fear or question.

It in itself is not an emotion but an act the act being in defiance of fear and revealing then shedding yourself of this fear artistically can be very anecdotal to psyche of the artist or the onlooker admiring the art.

Not only is courage motivational but it is by all means very inspirational and can change a person moral and rational completely. Those that witness cant help but be motivated and inspired by its display of fearless change and then it becomes contagiouos and spreads to the point where what was once feared now has no control at all over the emotions it has tried to take over.

You could say love stands by courage and can overcome any lurking creature of the abyss if you shine your light brightly look how fast the darkness cowers to the corners of the room light has such a strength in its honosty and all it needs to do is be itself to show you the truth of what is there.

Those that seek its truth I would hope will soon come to find peace in themselves more and more each day by refecting on the idea of reflection. The reasoning behind your reasoning can change all the reasons you ever had in the first place steering your purpose in an entirely different direction I call this act the point of reasoning.









